[ENH] Add new returns to `NiftiLabelsMasker`'s `transform` output (#3761)
nilearn/nilearn: doc/changes/latest.rst

Changes
-------

> - :bdg-danger:`Deprecation` ``img_to_signals_labels`` in :class:`~regions.signal_extraction` will also return ``masked_atlas`` in release 0.15. Meanwhile, use ``return_masked_atlas`` parameter to enable/disable this behavior. (:gh:`3761` by `Mohammad Torabi`_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :bdg-danger:`Deprecation` :func:`~regions.img_to_signals_labels` will also return ``masked_atlas`` in release 0.15. Meanwhile, use ``return_masked_atlas`` parameter to enable/disable this behavior. (:gh:`3761` by `Mohammad Torabi`_).

Related to the doc build failure. Hard to see in the logs if you're not used to looking at them
```
